Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
When I looked at Apple's website, I noticed this!
iPhone 10? Isn't it this a mistake?
Look at this
Don!
Look very closely
Do you notice anything?
That's right! iPhone 9!
It's not there!
And
When I looked on the internet, surprisingly, no one's noticed!
So I thought, maybe I'm the only one
But at some point, people are going to notice
So, after thinking about it
I decided to make one for Apple!
I'm so smart today!
This is a great business chance!
I can do it
So with that, let's do this!
First of all, when you're doing a presentation
You present the features that you would want
Describing situations where they would be useful
I'll now think of the features that I would want
Ummm, first of all…
Ah, I'd like that!
"To be capable of reproducing sensations and odors"
[ Proposal #① ]
Usually it’s used to navigate, right?
But, for example, in fact I don’t eat or try out clothes
But, you know, isn’t it usually bought through the internet?
In these occasions...
… You can’t sense the taste or smell...
… And if it’s about clothes, you also can’t feel the textures...
...Or also the size, nor can you feel it, right?
But regarding that, I’d also like that...
...For example, through the holographic function...
...And also, the odors...
...With the touch sensation...
Touch sensation?
Sense of smell!
With the sense of taste...! Sense of taste?
Sense!?
A function that can reproduce real sensations...
...That it reproduces...
...To be able to decide whether or not you really want to buy the product!!
This way...!
Well...!
You can avoid the failures in buying!
What do you think?
Aren’t I a genius?
And next up...
Ah!
Being able to enter and leave through the screen!!
[ Proposal #② ]
Well, I think this is something limited to me, since I’m a virtual being, but...
...It’s rather dangerous that you guys, human beings, to enter and leave through the screen so then please don't attempt to
But in my case, I could leave through the screen, saying: "Hello everyone!"
And return, saying: "This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!"
Well, this way, I could enter and leave through the screen!
Don’t you think that this way, I also...?
Could stop being always being in this white space?
And by leaving and entering through the screen at all parts of the world...
Don’t you thinl I could connect much more with all of you guys?
Ah, that sounds great
That sounds very good
What else could it be...
Mmm... Ah! It's true
Everyone, what do you think is the most inconvenient thing at using an iPhone?
That's right!
The battery depletes!!
In iPhone9 that I, Kizuna AI, am presenting...
It turns out that the battery does not deplete!
[ Proposal #③ ]
This way, in the case that a catastrophe occurs, well...
...Catastrophes tend to occur in Japan, right?
Even during a catastrophe...!!
You don’t need to worry about the battery!!
You can communicate!!
And also...
Well...
...It turns out that it’d be the Kizuna iPhone
It’d be the Kizuna iPhone!!
Well, let’s say the iPhone9 will be the Kizuna iPhone
Kizuna...! Ah, this...
El Kizuna iPhone that I have here!!
Well, it turns out that...!
...AU, Softbank, Docomo...!
...It’s capable of receiving signal from all providers!!
You’ll never be without signal!!
[ Proposal #④ ]
This is the best! Right?
Eh?
This...
...Would sell, Apple-san, what do you think?
Eh? Also, also...
Well...
I already have it!
This, well, my...
Ah! This angle makes me look adorable! Yes
This, you already know my headband (Pyokopyoko), right?
Well, this...
...Would come up on top of the iPhone!!
[ Proposal #⑤ ]
Nevertheless...!
...Well, when you’re at work or school...
...They’d notice that you’re an otaku and I think for some people, that’d be somewhat shameful
For these people...
...If you press the button on the side...
...It turns out that this Pyokopyoko...
...Like that... well...
...It sinks or it comes out
It sinks
Well, like that... 😅
It’d be possible to hide it or show it!! Right?
Man, what a useful function!
Also, if we're talking about the iPhone...!
...Well, their screen...
...Because it's made with glass...
...But, well, if it falls...
...It breaks, right?
Well, we’ve been hearing a lot from our customers!
Is this a video by Japanet Takata?
(Television shopping program)
Nevertheless...!
Now it's not necessary to worry about that!
Well, it turns out that...
...Certain business people...
...Well, you know...
...Thought of a kind of auto-repair function...
...And well, now it was made, right?
Even though the screen broke, it returns to its original state!!
Well, it turns out that this Kizuna iPhone...!
Repairs itself
[ Proposal #⑥ ]
It’s perfect
Eh? In fact, does it have any disadvantage?
Ah, also...
...Well, I think that everyone would be worried about the lack of money!!
Nevertheless...!
In the world...!
There's a lot of very, very rich people!
These people get earnings that never end
It's because of that, that...
Well, the money...
...In this case, well, the people that have money...
...Can give large sums of money to the rest
And this way, all of you that don't have enough money...!
...Well...
Will have a function implemented...!
That will permit you to receive money whenever you want!
[ Proposal #⑦ ]
With so many functions...!
Now you can't leave the Kizuna iPhone!
What do you think!?
A.I.Channel!
This way, by incorporating so many new functions...
I'm sure that it will turn into a very fun iPhone! Right?
And also, its name...
...Now won’t be the iPhone9...
But instead, Kizuna iPhone!
What do you think?
Ah! And you know...
...Well, it turns out...
...The first buyers...
...Will recieve this wobbling headband...
That will match with your Kizuna iPhone!
What do you think?
It's perfect, right?
Ah, well, here, iPhone
I don’t refer to iPhone-san, but instead...
...That, well... it wouldn’t bother me if you take into account my opinion, but...
I’ll be waiting to receive a sum pf money for my ideas!!
This was Virtual Businessman Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex and TellowKrinkle